Enhance and simplify contribution documentation (#9172)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/lovely-monkeys-drum.md

---
'polaris.shopify.com': minor
---

> Update contribution section on doc site to be more conceise and clear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated contribution section on doc site to be more concise and clear.
```
